# surfs_up

## Overview: The purpose of this challenge was to analyze the weather in Oahu, Hawaii. This was performed for a business that sells ice cream as well as surfboards and other surfing needs to people in the area. The best location for the ice cream shop would be determined after looking at the differences in the weather of the two months. Python, pandas, and SQLite would be needed to perform the tasks presented in the challenge.

## Results: There were around 1700 recorded temperatures for the month of June over the years. The average temperature was seen to be 74 degrees with it reaching a maximum of 85 degrees. The low value for the standard deviation shows that there was a consistent weather all along. After taking a look at the statistics for the month of December, there were a little more than 1500 recorded temperatures for the month over the years. The average temperature was seen to be 71 degrees with it reaching a maximum of 83 degrees. This month had a low standard deviation as well telling us that the weather was in deed consistent. It could then be calculated that the standard deviation is 3.25 in June and 3.75 in the month of December. This makes it a 0.5 difference between the two different seasons in the year. It could be told that Hawaii unlike other places has warmer temperatures from May to October while the winter is around December through April.

## Summary: After taking a look at the summary statistics it could be told that Hawaii has similar weather in both of the seasons in July and in December. The very low standard deviation value that was come up with supported the claim that the weather is relatively reliable in Hawaii and that is why there are tourists visiting and people surfing year round pretty much. One thing that helps out the business is that there is not much rain and that the summer months are very busy tourist wise. This would make for a great business in Hawaii. 